Returns Policy
Returns is a scheme provided by respective sellers directly under this policy in terms of which the option of exchange, replacement and/ or
refund is offered by the respective sellers to you. All products listed under a particular category may not have the same returns policy. For all
products, the returns/replacement policy provided on the product page shall prevail over the general returns policy. Do refer the respective item's
applicable return/replacement policy on the product page for any exceptions to this returns policy and the table below
The return policy is divided into three parts; Do read all sections carefully to understand the conditions and cases under which returns will be
accepted.
Part 1  Category, Return Window and Actions possible
Category:
Furniture Home: Pet Supplies & Rest of Home. Except Home décor, Furnishing, Home Improvement
Tools, Household Items)
Returns Window, Actions Possible and Conditions
(if any)
10 days
Refund or Replacement
For products requiring installation, returns shall
be eligible only
when such products are installed by the
brands authorized
personnel.
In order to help you resolve issues with your
product, we may
troubleshoot your product either through online
tools, over the
phone, and/or through an in-person technical
visit.

If a defect is determined within the Returns
Window, a
refund/replacement of the same product will be
provided at no
additional cost. If no defect is confirmed or the
issue is not
diagnosed within 10 days of delivery or
Installation wherever
applicable, you will be directed to a brand service
centre to
resolve any subsequent issues.
In any case, only one replacement shall be
provided

Lifestyle: Watch, TShirt, Footwear, Sari, Short, Dress, Kid’s Capri, Shorts & Tops), Men’s
Ethnic Wear, Shirt, Formals, Jeans, Clothing Accessory), Women’s Ethnic Wear, Fabric,
Blouse, Jean, Skirt, Trousers, Bra), Bags, Raincoat, Sunglass, Belt, Frame, Backpack,
Suitcase, Luggage, etc...
Lifestyle: Jewellery, Footwear Accessories, Travel Accessories, Watch Accessories, etc..
Lifestyle: WinterWear(sweatshirt, jacket, sweater, cardigan, kids_thermal, pullover,
windcheater, track_suit, thermal,shawl, track_top, glove, muffler, scarf, blazer,
uniform_sweatshirt, uniform_blazer, kids_muffler, kids_mitten, shrug,
poncho,uniform_sweater, cap, waistcoat, leg_warmer, legging,elder_halloween_costume)
10 days
Refund, Replacement or Exchange

Medicine Allopathy & Homeopathy)
2 days
Refund
Home: Home Improvement Tools, Household Items, Home décor, Furnishing
7 days
Refund or replacement
Books All books)
Sports Equipments Racquet, ball, support, gloves, bags etc.)
Exercise & Fitness Equipments Home Gym combos, dumbbell etc.)
Auto Accessories  Car and Bike accessories (helmets, car kit, media players etc.)
7 days Replacement only
Free replacement will be provided within 7 days if
the product is delivered in defective/damaged
condition or different from the ordered item.
Please keep the product intact, with original
accessories, user manual and warranty cards in
the original packaging at the time of returning the
product.
Toys Remote controlled toys, Learning toys, Stuffed toys etc.)
Stationary Pens, Diary notebooks, Calculators etc.)
Musical Instruments Microphones & Accessories, Guitars, Violins etc.)
7 days Replacement only
Free replacement will be provided within 7 days if
the product is delivered in defective/damaged
condition or different from the ordered item.
Please keep the product intact, with original
accessories, user manual and warranty cards in
the original packaging at the time of returning the
product.
Non-Returnable  All Wind Instruments
Harmonicas, Flutes etc. This item is non
returnable due to hygiene and personal
wellness.In case these products are delivered in
damaged/defective condition or different from
the ordered item, we will provide a free
replacement

All Mobiles (except Apple, Google, Motorola, Infinix, Redmi, MI, Vivo, POCO, Realme,
Samsung phones),
Electronics - (except Apple / Beats, Google, Realme, Samsung, JBL& Infinity, Epson, HP,
Dell, Canon, MI, Dizo Products Tablets, Laptops, Smart Watches)
All Small Home Appliances Except Chimney, Water Purifier, Fan, Geyser)
Furniture  Hammock Swing & Stool
7 days
Replacement only
In order to help you resolve issues with your
product, we may troubleshoot your product either
through online tools, over the phone, and/or
through an in-person technical visit.
If a defect is determined within the Returns Window, a replacement of the same model will be
provided at no additional cost. If no defect is
confirmed or the issue is not diagnosed within 7
days of delivery, you will be directed to a brand
service center to resolve any subsequent issues.
In any case, only one replacement shall be
provided.

Mobile  Apple, Google, Motorola, Infinix, Redmi, MI, Vivo, POCO, Realme, Samsung
phones
Electronics  Acer, AMKETTE, Apple/Beats, Bose, Brother, Canon, Compaq, CREATIVE,
DELL, DIZO, Epson, Google, GoPro, GOVO, HP, INFINITY, JBL, Lenovo, LG, Lifelong, Mi,
MOTOROLA, Nothing, OnePlus, OPPO, Panasonic, PHILIPS, Realme, REDMI, SAMSUNG,
Sansui, Seagate, Sonos, SONY, Thomson, Total, Xiaomi products Tablets, Laptops, Smart
Watches, Headphones, Speakers)
Large Vu, LG, Godrej, Haier, IFB, Hindware , Glen, Faber, AGARO, Voltas, BOSCH, Pureit,
PHILIPS, HAVELLS, Elica, BAJAJ, Kenstar, Eureka Forbes Aquasure from Aquaguard,
Aquaguard, LIVPURE, EUREKA FORBES, Crompton, Hindware Snowcrest, Hindware
Calisto, Eurodomo, Symphony, Hindware Atlantic, ONIDA, CANDY, Llyod, Voltas Beko,
realme, Daikin, CARRIER, Mi, Midea, Whirlpool, Blue Star, Panasonic, Morphy Richards,
iFFALCON, Hisense, TCL, TOSHIBA, Hitachi, Rockwell, KENT
7 Days Service Center Replacement/Repair only
Brand assistance for device related issues is
subject to brand warranty guidelines and service
policies. Please reach out to the nearest brand
authorized service centre for more detail
Please note that Flipkart is an online marketplace
and the final decision on replacement of
defective device rests with the seller/brand
For Samsung, in case of DOA approved by brand,
share the certificate of approval to the Flipkart
customer support team to process your complaint
Authorized Service partner Locator for Brands:
Click here
For any other issues with the product, you may
contact Flipkart  Flipkart’s 24×7 Customer Care

Furniture, Large appliances  Except Vu, LG, Godrej,Haier, IFB, Hindware , Glen, Faber,
AGARO, Voltas, BOSCH, Vu, LG, Godrej, Haier, IFB, Hindware, Glen, Faber, AGARO, Voltas,
BOSCH, Pureit, PHILIPS, HAVELLS, Elica, BAJAJ, Kenstar, Eureka Forbes Aquasure from
Aquaguard, Aquaguard, LIVPURE, EUREKA FORBES, Crompton, Hindware Snowcrest,
Hindware Calisto, Eurodomo, Symphony, Hindware Atlantic, ONIDA, CANDY, Llyod, Voltas
Beko, realme, Daikin, CARRIER, Mi, Midea, Whirlpool, Blue Star, Panasonic, Morphy
Richards, iFFALCON, Hisense, TCL,TOSHIBA, Hitachi, Rockwell, KENT 
Rest of Small Home Appliances  Chimney, Water Purifier, Fan, Geyser only
10 days
Replacement only
For products requiring installation, returns shall
be eligible only when such products are installed
by the brand's authorized personnel.
In order to help you resolve issues with your
product, we may troubleshoot your product either
through online tools, over the phone, and/or
through an in-person technical visit.
If a defect is determined within the Returns
Window, a replacement of the same model will be
provided at no additional cost. If no defect is
confirmed or the issue is not diagnosed within 10
days of delivery or Installation wherever
applicable, you will be directed to a brand service
centre to resolve any subsequent issues.
In any case, only one replacement shall be
provided.
Grocery Excluding Minutes)  Dairy, Bakery, Fruits and Vegetables 2 Days Refund Onl

Grocery Excluding Minutes)  Dairy, Bakery, Fruits and Vegetables 2 Days Refund Only
Grocery Excluding Minutes)- Remaining items under grocery like pulses, atta, edible and
more 7 days Refund only
No Questions Asked
10 days
Refund or replacement
This policy enables easy product return requests
for customers through the Platform, subject to
product validations at the time of pick-up and
fraud prevention mechanisms.
This policy shall be applicable only if the product
was bought when this policy was applicable to
the product. If not, the policy provided here shall
apply to the order. It is clarified that a customer
may only be able to seek a one-time replacement
under this Policy, subject to the other terms
provided herein.
Exceptions to this policy: Following claims will be
covered under the policy provided here and through corresponding validation processes
a. product undelivered
b. product/accessories missing
c. wrong product/accessories delivered

No return categories:
Auto Accessories

Additives, Air Fresheners, Brighteners, Cleaners, Bike/Car Stickers, Degreasers, Dent/Scratch Removers, Filler Putty, Headlight Vinyl Films, Liquid Solutions, Lubricants, Polish, Power Steering Fluids, Sealants, Oils and Wax

Automobiles

Cars, Mopeds, Motorcycles and Scooters

Bath and Spa

Bath Bubble/Salt/Sponge/Wash, Body Wash, Loofahs, Scrubs, Shampoos and Soaps

Baby Care

Bottle Nipples, Breast Nipple Care, Breast Pumps, Diapers, Ear Syringes, Nappy, Wet Reminder, Wipes and Wipe Warmers

Cleaning Products

Cleaning Gels, Detergents, Detergent Pods, Fabric Wash Products, Surface Cleaners, Stain Removers and Washing Bars/Powder

Computer/ Mobile Accessories/Electronics

Blank/Educational Media, CDs/DVDs, Ink Toners, Music, Movies and Software, Mobile/Tablet/Laptop Screen Guards, Screen Guard Applicators, Graphics Cards, Processors, Motherboards, Internal Hard Drives, RAMs and Apple Brand Products.

Food and Nutrition

Canned Food, Condiments, Drinks, Fruits, Health Supplements, Meat, Seafood, Syrups, Vegetables, artificial Sweetener, Milk and other Edible Products

Fashion

Baby Dolls, Clothing Freebies, Lingerie Wash-bags, Shapewear, Socks, Stockings and Swimsuits

Footwear Accessories

Oils, Glue, Grease, Socks, Shoe Deodorants/Polish Creams/Sprays and Wax

Gardening Products

Plant Saplings, Plant Seeds and Soil Manure

Health Care

Antiseptic, Band Aid, Body Pain Relief, Eye Drops, First Aid Tape, Glucometer Lancet/Strip, Healthcare Devices and Kits, Medical Dressing/Gloves and pH Test Strip, Healthcare accessory, medical treatment and surgical instruments

Home Products

Adhesives, Barbeque wood, Bird/Insect Repellent, Contact Cement, Crack Fillers, Inks, Guitar/Yoyo Friction Stickers, Marker Refills, Mosquito Coil/Vaporiser/Vaporiser Refills, Naphthalene Balls, Scuba/Smoking-Pipe Mouthpieces, Sprays, paint remover, napkins, cleaning gloves, accessory and Fresh Flowers

Hygiene

Cannula, Contact Lens, e-Hookah, Fake Moustache, Female Urination Devices, Menstrual Cups, Needles, Panty Liners, Shaving Products, Smoking Patch, Straws, Sweat Pads, Tampons, Teeth Whitening Products/Wipes, Tissues, Toilet Tissue Aid, Toilet Rolls and Women Intimate Care

Innerwear

Bra Accessories, Briefs, Boxers, Lingerie Sets, Panty, Garter, Trunks and Vests

Jewellery

Coins

Music Instrument Accessories

Mouthpiece Cap/Pad/Set, Oils and Polish

Party Supplies

Balloons, Candles, Cut-outs, marker refills, Decoration articles and Whistles

Festive Supplies

Hookah Charcoal/Flavor/Mouth-tip, Incense Sticks and Holi/Rangoli Color

Personal Care

Conditioners, Creams, Deodorants, Electric Ear Cleaners, Eyebrow/Eyelash/Hair Styling Products, Eye Mask, Face Wash, Face Care/Fairness Products, Fragrance, Fresheners, Gels, Hair Care, Kajal, Lens Solution, Lip Plumper/Stain, Blackhead/Makeup/Nail Paint Removers, Mascara, Mehendi, Nail Sanding Pad, Oils, Oral Hygiene Products, Perfumes, Hand/Toothbrush Sanitizers, Serums, Talc, Sunscreen, Tanning Liquid, Tattoo, Toners and Wigs, Lip Care, Lipstick, Nail Care, Body Care, Foot Care, Mens Grooming Accessory, Bindi, Body Art, Makeup Accessory, Body & Skin Accessory, bath and spa accessory, Razors and Blades

Pet Supplies

Aquarium Consumables, Hair Styling, Health Care/Medicinal Products, Horse Girth/Grooming Kit/Braid Tail Bag/Hay/Liniment/Poultice, Inhaler Masks, Litter Box Enclosures, Litter Scoops, Pet Chew, Pet Food/Treat, Pet Pad, Pet Hygiene/Personal Care Products, Poultice, Tail Wraps, Waste Bags and Water Troughs

Sexual Wellness

Condoms, Fertility Kit/Supplement, Lubricants, Pregnancy Kits, Sexual Massagers, Sexual/Pleasure Enhancement Products and Vaginal Dilators

Health & Safety Products

Safety Helmets, Safety Goggle, Safety Gloves	


Refurbished
7 days
Replacement only
To help you resolve issues with your product, we
may troubleshoot your product either through
online tools, over the phone, and/or through an
in-person technical visit.
If a defect is determined within the Returns
Window, a replacement of the same model will be
provided at no additional cost. If no defect is
confirmed or the issue is not diagnosed within 7
days of delivery, you will be directed to the
warranty partner for resolving any subsequent
issues


Part 3  General Rules for a successful Return
Flipkart holds the right to restrict the number of returns created per order unit, post the evaluation of the product/order defect is undertaken by
Flipkart’s authorized representative.
In certain cases where the seller is unable to process a replacement for any reason whatsoever, a refund will be given.
In cases where a product accessory is found missing/damaged/defective, the seller may either process a replacement of the particular
accessory or issue an eGV for an amount equivalent to the price of the accessory, at the seller’s discretion.
During open box deliveries, while accepting your order, if you received a different or a damaged product, you will be given a refund (on the
spot refunds for cash-on-delivery orders). Once you have accepted an open box delivery, no return request will be processed, except for
manufacturing defects. In such cases, these category-specific replacement/return general conditions will be applicable. Click here to know
more about Open Box Delivery
For products where installation is provided by Flipkart's service partners, do not open the product packaging by yourself. Flipkart authorised
personnel shall help in unboxing and installation of the product.
For Furniture, any product-related issues will be checked by authorised service personnel (free of cost) and attempted to be resolved by
replacing the faulty/ defective part of the product. Full replacement will be provided only in cases where the service personnel opines that
replacing the faulty/defective part will not resolve the issue.'
